so you couldn't date it cuz she was a
tickler a tickler and you're not a
stickler for a piglet not a stickler
Fred tickler auto tickler stickler not a
tickler stickler quickly where the hell
is the remote
now walk it out loud noises Cleveland
sit down I want to sing a little song
that kept me going when I had troubles
we will write the beach everybody head
matching towels somebody went under a
duck and there they saw a rock but it
wasn't a rock it was a rock lobster
blood stops mm-hmm yeah you're gonna be
okay they call me or even get near me
I'll have you arrested the BBC would
like to apologize for the following
announcement I part in your general
direction Oh rocky one half this time
one half this time right foot to stumps
left foot to stumps slide to the left
slide to the right criss-cross
crisscross cha cha real smooth let's go
to work where's the kaboom there was
supposed to be an earth-shattering
kaboom
rise and shine